[tense music playing]
[exhales]
I can't do it.
That's all right.
I don't want to.
I understand.
[gunshot]
No. No!
Raymond, we have to go.
Raymond, we must. I'm sorry.
[engine revs]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Dembe] We have company.
It's Ressler.
Lose him.
[horn honks]
[Cooper over phone]
I know what you wanna do.
But killing him will only make it worse.
Donald, listen to me.
You're in no condition to drive.
[horn honks]
Don't do this.
[tires screeching]
[somber music playing]
[exhales]
Raymond?
[suspenseful music playing]
Raymond.
[sighs]
[clicking]
[door slides open]
I'm being evaluated.
Not on your floricultural skills, I hope.
[chuckles]
My mental state.
Weecha's sister, Mierce, is a shaman.
She reads the flowers
for insight into my mood.
I see dried out and dark.
Bad blood and betrayal.
Is this still about Dembe joining the FBI?
Because that wasn't about betrayal.
It was about upward mobility.
What happened to Elizabeth,
Dembe shares a significant
responsibility for that.
What are you talking about?
Townsend is responsible.
He sent VanDyke,
VanDyke pulled the trigger.
-I thought you were with the sister.
-I am. Weecha and I are roommates.
The bed is much more comfortable
than the couch.
I being a gentleman,
I offered her the bed.
She being a lady,
she invited me to join her.
Marvin, you said you had news.
Let's hope it's decidedly less dry
and considerably more light.
[foreboding music playing]
Hess. Ray. Colby.
Tuesday. Wednesday. Thursday.
Three days. Three hits.
No who. No why.
Only the what. Which is a disaster.
The only thing worse is the fact
that I'm the first one telling you this.
Hess was hit on Tuesday.
How could this possibly be news to you?
You're out of touch. You need
to get your ducks in a row, Raymond.
[Agnes] Pinky!
Oh, my goodness. Aren't you a bundle
of energy this morning.
I've got orchestra practice before school,
then a math quiz
and an English presentation.
Then I'm trying out for the play,
and then you're reading me
some Pippi Longstocking.
You're weeks behind on that.
-[horn honks]
-[sighs] That's Sadie.
Total frenemy. Gotta go.
Hi, Weecha. Bye!
[chuckles] I'd like to think
I had that much energy once.
If I did, it's depressing
to think about where it all went.
Perhaps this will give you a jolt.
It seems I'm under attack.
In the past week, a strike team has taken
out three key members of my organization.
-Sorry.
-[Raymond] Thank you.
-I'm not here for your sympathy.
-[Cooper] Good.
Because officially you don't have it.
The bureau would be thrilled
to know the organization is under siege.
I guess you're not here
for my official response.
As a rule, I police my own business.
In this case, I need help.
If you want the Blacklist to continue,
you'll give it.
-It's that bad?
-The attacks were surgical and strategic,
requiring an insightful knowledge
of my organization.
And I don't really know from
which direction this assault is coming.
And there's one more thing.
Dembe. I won't work with him.
-Why?
-All that matters is that I won't.
-He'll have to be replaced.
-[Cooper] I won't do that.
-Not without knowing why.
-Ask him. He's honest.
Who knows, after he tells you,
you may not wanna work with him either.
[keyboard clicking]
[Cooper] Reddington's worried.
His organization's under attack,
and he wants our help.
He doesn't have a name or a motive.
Only this: three victims in three days.
-[Ressler] Who are they?
-Ricki Hess. Jack Ray. Budge Colby.
-Friends of yours?
-They were once. Good people.
-What did they do?
-[Dembe] Operations.
Each was responsible for a different port.
New Jersey. Norfolk. Miami.
-Top people. Well protected.
-And yet someone got to all three.
No wonder Reddington's worried.
I've asked our field offices
to forward us the crime-scene information.
If there's a clue, we need to find it.
-We already have a clue.
-You know who did this?
No. Just what they're going to do next.
How happy is Reddington
that you're on the task force?
[Cooper] Not very.
-In fact, he wants me to kick you off it.
-What? Why would he want that?
He said I should ask you.
VanDyke. If I was doing my job
even a little bit that day, that night,
I would've seen him
long before he shot Elizabeth.
I could've stopped him.
And Reddington blames you.
-No more than I blame myself.
-[Ressler] You shouldn't. I don't.
Believe me, I've tried.
Raymond has VanDyke's phone.
He had someone pull the GPS data points
from the day Elizabeth was killed.
I met Elizabeth at a diner
hours before she was shot.
The GPS data and photos on the phone
show that VanDyke was watching us.
If I was paying attention,
I would've noticed him.
How did he know you'd be there?
I assume he was following me,
but I'm not sure.
Which is why
I had the phone data sent to me.
I hope that by tracking it, I'll find out.
I could use your help
plotting the data points.
-Of course.
-So, what's the clue?
-I thought I was being kicked off.
-That's my call, not Red's.
He thought I'd agree with him
once you explained yourself.
You have and I don't.
So the clue, let's hear it.
This is a macro look
at Raymond's operations in the Atlantic.
Does he have that many in the Pacific?
And the Indian,
Baltic and the Mediterranean.
-Nothing in the Arctic?
-[Dembe] No.
Other than a compound
on the Faroe Islands.
It's official. Our lives suck.
[Dembe] For shipping in the Atlantic,
he uses accounts in Hamburg, Belfast
and the Caymans.
The funds are routed
through Hawala to Morocco.
He then ships
from Gibraltar, Benin or Dakar.
You know everything.
I guess I assumed you did,
but you actually do.
[Dembe] I didn't always.
Everything with Raymond is need-to-know.
But after Elizabeth, he couldn't function.
-So I had to function for him.
-You took over?
-I did.
-[Aram] What was that like?
Going from the man in front of the man
to the man behind him?
[tense music playing]
[brakes screeching]
Down!
[gunfire]
A nightmare.
So Benin, Dakar, Gibraltar.
Goods ship from there
to New Jersey, Norfolk, Miami.
Raymond is a middleman.
He has clients. They have goods.
If the port is choked off
and they can't take delivery,
that costs money
which Raymond has to cover.
This is all educational,
but where's the clue?
Right here.
The Port of Baltimore.
[ship horn blaring]
[rustling nearby]
That you, Joe?
I know, I know, no smoking on sites.
Don't tell Her Royal Pain in the--
[silenced gunshot]
What the--? Joe?
[suspenseful music playing]
Baltimore is Raymond's only remaining
port of entry on the Eastern Seaboard.
Whoever is doing this
took out three of his port managers.
It's safe to assume
he'll try to take out a fourth.
[silenced gunshot]
-Do you know his name?
-Reginald Lawler.
Let's get him,
and hope we're not too late.
[gunman] Hands in the air.
[tense music playing]
I won't talk.
[yelling]
Oh, I think you will.
Let's start with the same question
I asked the others, huh?
This man.
Where is he?
[Marvin] Lawler's not answering?
Then go there.
I don't care that you just gave birth.
That is not my problem.
-[keypad beeping]
-My problem is $106 million worth of goods
we rerouted to Baltimore
that now can't land in Baltimore
unless you get Lawler to land them.
And until he lands them, we are out 5%
a day in insurance and carrying charges.
So I suggest you wrap Junior in a binky,
shove him onto your mammilla
and go find Lawler.
Lawler's out of pocket.
[keypad clicking]
Yoo-hoo.
Did you hear me? Lawler is AWOL.
-Which means the East Coast is shut down.
-Mierce read the flowers.
Mierce. The shaman?
She's optimistic.
Is she? That's great.
Shaman is optimistic. Fantastic.
It doesn't mean there aren't problems.
It just means we'll figure them out.
Do you value my counsel?
-I do.
-Good.
Because here it is.
You've lost your mind.
The world is falling apart around you,
and you're all beatific because your ex
looked at a photograph
of some dead flowers and said kumbaya.
She's not my ex.
We're just pausing until I resolve
the issues surrounding Elizabeth's death.
That is another thing.
You blame Dembe
for something he didn't do.
Elizabeth's death has been resolved.
Asked. Answered.
As is the reason we are in this mess.
[sighs] Look,
I know this is third-rail stuff,
but you're the one
getting your flowers read,
so, what the hell.
You never should've designated
Elizabeth as your successor.
She wasn't qualified.
And when she passed and you went away,
there was no one to keep all hell
from breaking loose.
[sighs] Seven days, seven countries.
-I am done looking.
-I told you we wouldn't find him.
[Marvin] Well, forgive me for hoping
he might not want his life's work
burned to the ground.
His life's work was Elizabeth.
Well, my life's work was him.
And right now, it is under siege.
Chin in Taipei.
Madrzyk in Dubrovnik. Baptiste in Haiti.
They're all moving against us.
And if we don't put them down,
others will follow.
And when I say we, I mean you.
-Me?
-Starting with Baptiste, who's in Texas
meeting with other turncoats.
Red may have picked Elizabeth,
but we both know
that you are his natural successor.
Now that they're gone,
the organization is yours to run.
-[sighs] And if I don't want to?
-Then it gets sliced and diced.
We weren't equipped for what came.
Least of all Dembe.
Mm-hm.
My point, my counsel, is this:
You left us in the lurch once.
Don't do it again.
Call Marybeth.
Tell her to stay home with her newborn.
If Lawler's not answering, it's because
he's been captured, if not killed.
-If that's the case, we've got no play.
-We do.
I'm sure Dembe's playing it.
Dembe? I thought you wanted him off.
I do. But I have no illusions
that Harold will abide by my request.
And you're wrong about Dembe's abilities.
His not wanting to run my empire
doesn't mean he couldn't.
Believe me, if you and I are realizing
that Lawler's been targeted now,
Dembe's already realized it.
-How can you be sure?
-I told you. Mierce's optimistic.
[suspenseful music playing]
We're in.
Agent Park reports two guards down.
She's waiting on EMTs.
We have no intel on the number of mercs
or where they are.
A TAC unit is on the way. Do not engage
until we know what we're dealing with.
[Dembe, quietly] I see movement.
I don't know who or how many.
I need to get closer.
I'm going to give you one more chance.
Dembe Zuma. Where is he?
I don't know.
[panting]
-[screaming]
-Dembe. Talk to me.
It can't be.
-[Cooper] What is it? What can't be?
-[Dembe] Not what. Who.
Boukman Baptiste.
We don't know who that is.
A man I killed.
[tense music playing]
Daniel. Daniel?
Daniel!
[Dembe] Recon said
his boy would be at home.
This isn't about hurting Raymond.
This is about killing me.
-[screaming]
-If that's true, I want you out of there.
Is that clear? Pull back.
Agent Zuma, do you copy?
Agent Zuma?
[tense music playing]
Ressler, we lost contact with Dembe.
[Ressler over comm] We split up.
I don't have eyes on him.
[Cooper] Circle back, then report.
I have your agent.
I assume there are others.
Tell them to stand down.
Harold Cooper with the FBI.
Who am I speaking to?
-Tell them.
-[Cooper] I will.
-As soon as I hear my agent is all right.
-Your agent killed my son.
I just need to know that he's okay.
He was 10.
Sitting in the back of a car
when your agent murdered him.
That's a tragedy. But killing others
will only make it worse.
Did you know that when you hired him,
that he murdered children?
I'll help you, but you have to help me.
-We have to work together.
-I am not a religious man.
But sometimes,
even a sinner's prayers are answered.
-Was that Dembe? Was he hit?
-I don't know.
[gunfire]
This does not make us even.
Only your daughter does that.
A child for a child.
[Ressler] Drop it. Don't move.
Unclip it. Face the wall.
-Baptiste?
-Gone.
Who is he,
and why was he so interested in you?
To avenge the death of his son.
-[groans]
-I'm sorry you got hurt in this.
Warn Isabella. He was after his daughter.
I got this. Call her.
She needs to be called.
-Just not by me.
-Why not?
It's complicated. I can't explain.
Please, just do it.
202-555-0144.
I thought you and Isabella
got past the tough times.
We did.
-Until we didn't.
-[yells]
[Isabella] I don't understand.
You worked for one white guy,
now you wanna work
for white guys with badges?
I haven't decided yet.
That's why I'm here, to get your opinion.
My opinion is that
I don't want my father to be a Judas.
Isabella, I know these agents.
They're good people.
I never criticized you
for working for Reddington.
I hated it.
My child almost died because of it.
But I told myself that's what you do,
it's not who you are.
It's what I did.
Elizabeth is dead. Raymond is gone.
I'm alone. Looking for a purpose.
Is this really who you are?
-A Black man who wants to be a cop?
-I'm a man that wants to help people.
And a man who's also proud to be Black.
I think I can do both.
Reddington is one man.
The cops are part of a system
of oppression.
People will see you
as a sellout and a traitor.
I don't care. I only care what you see.
You wanna know what I see? George Floyd.
-Breonna Taylor, Philando Castile...
-I see them too.
...Freddie Gray,
Eric Garner, Michael Brown.
I see them,
and I know that could happen to me.
Atatiana Jefferson,
Botham Jean, Alton Sterling.
Isabella, I see them.
I know there's injustice.
But I know justice can be done.
I've seen it done.
And I think I'd find purpose in doing it.
Isabella? Isabella.
[cell phone ringing]
[on machine] This is Isabella.
Leave a message at the beep. Thanks.
It's Agent Ressler again.
I know we keep calling,
but it's important that you call me
as soon as you get this. Thank you.
Look, we've sent agents.
She's gonna be fine.
He got to Hess, Ray and Colby.
Inside, quietly.
[suspenseful music playing]
Isabella? Isabella!
Isabella!
Hey, check it out.
[keypad beeping]
[cell phone ringing]
[Baptiste] Consider yourself lucky.
I'm going to let you have
the opportunity I never got with my boy.
I'm going to let you say goodbye.
Papa? Papa, Papa!
Don't do this. Don't hurt her.
[Baptiste] I have no interest
in hurting her.
Only you.
Reddington. Daniel died
because you wanted his business.
I can help you get some of that.
Ray, Hess, Colby are middle management.
Essential but not important.
I can get you people
who are irreplaceable.
Take them down and Reddington follows.
I'm listening.
I need two hours.
You've got one.
You think he believes
you'll help him take down Reddington?
He should, because it's true.
As quickly as you can.
Yes, Marvin,
that's what I want to talk to you about.
I'll be right there.
[Aram] Hey. I plotted the rest
of the GPS points...
-Later.
-Uh...
-What's going on?
-Baptiste has his daughter.
-What?
-Yeah.
He'll sell out Reddington to get her back.
-That's a joke, right?
-Not to him.
What can we do?
Issue a BOLO on Baptiste,
a Silver Alert on Isabella,
and keep him
from getting Reddington killed.
If Dembe blames himself
for what happened to Liz, he shouldn't.
What?
Let's get out the alerts.
Then I'll show you.
Did you know?
Did you know, when you gave us
the case, that it was Baptiste?
That I'd go in blind
against a man who wants me dead.
I didn't.
I didn't know you were even on the case,
or the task force, for that matter.
I don't want you to get hurt, Dembe.
I just want you out of my life.
He has Isabella.
What? Has he reached out, made any demand?
He has.
And we've come to an understanding.
I'm very sorry.
Is there anything I can do?
You think I betrayed you.
That Elizabeth died
because I let down my guard.
Fine.
I admit that.
But if you want to do something for me,
admit that you let down your guard too,
that night and after.
You abandoned your business
and people died.
That man's son.
-I didn't ask you to carry on.
-[Dembe] No.
You just vanished.
I killed that boy to protect your empire.
I was doing it for you,
because you didn't do it for yourself.
Elizabeth was dead, I was gone,
and you killed that boy.
Do those dots really connect?
It seems a little simplistic.
Excuse me, I have to make a phone call.
I don't think he has any idea
what you were left with
after he disappeared, but I do.
I know all too well.
Isabella won't speak to me.
She says if I do this,
I'll be a traitor to my community.
She won't be the only one
who tells you that.
That joining the FBI makes you a cog
in the machine of institutional racism.
You might remind her
there was a time a Black man or woman
wasn't allowed to wear a badge
or carry a gun.
Thanks to trailblazers like Bass Reeves
and Big Sam Battle who paved the way,
we have the privilege of serving
our community and fellow man.
In fact, scratch that,
it's not a privilege.
It's a responsibility.
I understand where Isabella's coming from,
but our people built this country,
died for it.
We deserve justice
as much as anyone, if not more.
I think this is the place where people
who look like you and me need to be.
Our people need us here,
fighting for them,
fighting for everyone.
Here, in the system, boots on the ground.
Because sometimes we're the only ones
standing between them and the wolves.
In my experience,
there are wolves on both sides.
-Where does Reddington fit in?
-He doesn't, and I can't ask him.
-Because you know what he'll say?
-Because I don't know where he is.
He disappeared one night
without even saying goodbye.
I'm not sure I'm staying with the bureau.
After everything that's happened,
I may need to step away.
But before I do that, if you want this,
I promise you I'll make it happen.
With Baptiste, you said
you've come to an understanding.
-That's right.
-Tell me about it.
Perhaps I can help you
come up with a better one.
I would, before. Not now.
I mean it.
I don't want to see you hurt.
You or anyone you care about.
It was an honor protecting you.
But now I have to protect myself.
-[Ressler] Any word on Isabella?
-I know what I need to do.
Yeah, but does Reddington?
You'll do what you have to do,
but if what you have to do
has to do with what's going on
between you and Mr. Reddington...
He's finished mapping the data points
on VanDyke's cell phone.
-You'll wanna hear what I found.
-Will it help me find Isabella?
[Aram] Well, uh, no.
Then it will have to wait.
-I wish this could help.
-Maybe it can.
How? We didn't get to tell him.
But there's someone else we could.
Dembe. Come in.
I am so glad you called.
This business between you and Raymond,
I want you to know
I think he is overreacting.
I appreciate you saying that.
The suggestion that you are responsible
for what happened
to Elizabeth is preposterous.
-I agree. But the reason--
-Tell me.
What can I do to help set things right?
I will do anything.
I need the names of his banker
in the Caymans,
his arbitrage trader in Beijing,
and the arms dealer he uses in Zagreb.
I knew them before,
but he has other ones now.
Yes, he does.
But, uh, how would me giving you the names
help patch things up between you two?
Yeah, about that, I'm not interested
in patching anything up.
All right, uh, that's, uh...
That's unexpected.
My daughter's life depends
on you giving me the names.
[scoffs] That's unfortunate,
because I'm pretty confident my life
depends on me not giving them to you.
You know Raymond.
He's a stickler for things like,
oh, I don't know, say, not giving
the names of his top three lieutenants
to Boukman Baptiste.
I need the names, Marvin.
I see that,
and I'd give them to you if I could.
I've met Isabella. She's amazing--
[sighs]
I need the names.
This is all of them?
Dembe plotted most of the data points.
I finished mapping them,
then checked what he'd done.
This is every place VanDyke was
the day he shot Elizabeth,
from 12:01 a.m. until he
and his phone ended up in the morgue.
Given everything that was happening,
how did you think to have
VanDyke's phone stolen from the morgue?
Muscle memory.
It was completely involuntary,
like breathing.
Or an innate desire for revenge.
To get his daughter back, Dembe will give
Baptiste information about you.
-What information?
-I don't know.
But I heard him talking on the phone
about getting it from Marvin.
Dembe told us
what you thought happened that day.
This tells a different story.
-Not entirely, but yes.
-[keypad beeping]
-He won't help you.
-Are you calling to gloat?
Put Marvin on.
Whatever you're looking for,
he won't give without my permission.
Why would you give it?
We can discuss that later.
There's no time now. Put him on.
He wants tier-one names.
In the Caymans, Beijing and Damascus.
Give them to him.
I'll get Chuck and Morgan on him.
Baptiste can have the names
if it means freeing Isabella.
But if he acts on the intel, I'm bleeding,
so I need to get eyes on this.
[tense music playing]
Out.
[Chuck] It's a parking facility,
Deming and Clark.
[Raymond over phone] Sit tight.
She's on her way with Santiago.
Nothing happens until Isabella is safe.
-What about the task force?
-You can't go in with them.
I don't trust anyone else, anyway,
so you're on your own.
Yeah.
He's here, and he's clean.
Car stays, you go.
Level three.
[suspenseful music playing]
Isabella.
[Baptiste] I wouldn't.
Papa...
Everything's going to be okay.
-Did you bring the names?
-Let her go, please.
After I have the names.
Tell me...
where do you feel it?
Knowing you are helpless
to save your child.
I know where I felt it.
I'm curious if you feel it there too.
-My back.
-[Baptiste] Exactly.
As if the pain
has a weight you can't bear.
Look at us, so much hatred.
And now...
so much in common.
You said you'd let her go.
I need to verify the names.
That can't be done.
If I couldn't do it,
I wouldn't have asked you to bring them.
[vehicle approaching]
Man, the lot's closed.
[in Spanish] I'm late for a meeting.
You must let me park here.
I don't speak Spanish.
-[in English] Chuck said Dembe went up.
-I'm going down.
Why is this happening?
Did you kill his son?
Did you do it?
After Elizabeth died,
I had to make decisions for Raymond.
Baptiste was taking territory.
We had to stop him.
I led a team that found him
and tried to take him out.
But you took out his son instead.
Is that what happened?
Yes.
And after that, you became a cop.
[in unison] I do solemnly swear
that I will support and defend
the Constitution of the United States
against all enemies, foreign and domestic,
that I will bear true faith
and allegiance to the same.
-Congratulations, special agent.
-Thank you.
It wouldn't have happened without you.
Isabella didn't come. I'm sorry.
The names are correct.
You have what you want. Let her go.
Nothing you do will bring Daniel back.
[tense music playing]
The French take billions
from our poor country every year.
Corrupt politicians take from the poor
and open our ports
to people like Reddington.
This is about more than revenge.
This is about power.
This is about taking what I am owed.
What my countrymen are owed.
There are two kinds
of people in the world,
wolves and sheep.
The wolves take.
The sheep get taken.
[Baptiste] Unfortunately for you...
I am a wolf.
-[engine revs]
-[tires screech]
Whoever you are, you're a little late.
Somebody's about to get shot.
I wouldn't have picked the wolf.
Who asked you?
They may be an alpha predator,
but they only travel in packs.
Something tells me
you're not dealing with sheep here.
[groaning]
[gunshot]
It's done.
[gasping]
A wolf...
would put me out of my misery.
Maybe.
But I'm an FBI agent,
so you're under arrest.
The names you gave them,
were they able to confirm the identities?
Yes.
[gurgling]
Trace the last call, and take care of it.
Raymond has something he wants
to show you as soon as you can.
-It's good to see you, Dembe.
-You too.
[Raymond] This is the complete mapping
of VanDyke's whereabouts
on the day Elizabeth was killed.
I know we've talked
about my lack of awareness
and that I should have seen
VanDyke watching us at the coffee shop.
But I wanted to plot this
because I've also been agonizing
over the fact that maybe I was the reason
VanDyke was there in the first place,
that I led him to Elizabeth.
Well, as it turns out, you didn't.
He was nowhere near you that day,
not before the coffee shop.
Which means he didn't follow you there.
And we know where Elizabeth was?
Yes. I've plotted her day
more times than I care to remember.
So if VanDyke didn't follow either of you,
how did he know where to go?
[Raymond] Someone obviously told him.
Yeah, but who could have known?
I'm as big a conspiracy theorist
as the next guy,
but this sounds like
some classic Third Man stuff.
[Raymond] You know, that night,
I couldn't sleep.
I felt like if I stayed, I would implode,
that I'd collapse into myself
like a black hole and cease to exist.
So I left.
I walked away and kept walking...
until I found Weecha and Mierce.
And they helped me.
And I helped them.
I'm sorry that I abandoned you.
Whatever happened,
I shouldn't have done that.
And I'm sorry that I did.
I know you're upset
that I gave Elizabeth the letter.
Ah, it's done.
Perhaps it did bring her some peace.
But we can't be fighting each other
when we have
a real enemy to fight, to find.
You'll have to forgive Marvin.
He's a professional skeptic.
But someone led
Elizabeth's killer to her that night.
And we need to work together
to find who that was.
But that's a quest
that will have to wait another day.
I'm late to a very important engagement.
More important
than finding out who killed Elizabeth?
I think so.
[Raymond] "Pippi was sure that her mother
was now up in heaven,
watching her little girl
through a peephole in the sky,
and Pippi often waved up at her
and called, 'Don't you worry about me.
I'll always come out on top.'"
[poignant music playing]
[Isabella] That was so awful.
It was my fault.
It's all my fault.
I want to protect you,
but all I do is put you in harm's way.
-Can you promise me it's over?
-With Baptiste, yes.
With everything,
with what you've done with Reddington,
is it done coming back to us? To me?
I don't know.
I'm going away with Elle.
Not forever, but for now.
Where will you go?
I don't think I should tell you that.
This isn't a punishment.
It's not about you being a cop.
-I know.
-No, really, it's not.
I was upset with you about that.
And I'd be lying
if I said I still wasn't upset.
But you can be a police officer
and a man who's proud to be Black.
I know that
because I know that's who you are.
I want you to feel safe.
And I want us to be together.
I've missed you.
I've missed you too.
-Can I see Elle before you go?
-Of course.
I was reading her a story.
I'm sure she'd love for you to finish it.
"'You have plenty of courage,
I am sure,' answered Oz.
'All you need is confidence in yourself.
There is no living thing
that is not afraid when it faces danger.'"
"Her father, Pippi had not forgotten.
He was a sea captain
who sailed on the great ocean,
and Pippi had sailed with him in his ship,
until one day, her father blew overboard
in a storm and disappeared."
"'True courage is in facing danger
when you are afraid,
and that kind of courage,
you have in plenty.'
'Perhaps I have, but I'm scared
just the same,' said the Lion."
"But Pippi was absolutely certain
that he would come back.
She'd never believe he had drowned.
She was sure he'd floated until he landed
on an island inhabited by cannibals.
And she thought he had become
the king of all the cannibals
and went around with a golden crown
on his head all day long.
'My papa is a cannibal king.
It certainly isn't every child...'"
[theme music playing]